{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18800\viewh13520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
DISNEY (disney.com)\
\
COLOR\
Tetradic Color Scheme (6 colors) No dominate color.\
Red, Blue, Purple, Pink, Bright Green, Fuchsia,\
Creates lots of fun colors.\
\
\
TYPOGRAPHY\
\'93Matterhorn\'94 9 weights (design: Michael Cina \'93Cina Associates\'94\
One Font Family: Sans Serif & Slab Serif. \
Each Regular, Semibold & Bold.\
Easy for children to read.\
Both fun and serious at the same time.\
\
UI & UX\
UI: Stripped free of ornament and embellishments. Focus on content, which is fun.\
Focus is on kids of all ages.\
Well organized, easy to find what you are looking for.\
\
\
\
UBER.COM  (uber.com)\
\
COLOR\
Analogous Color Scheme (Blue and Green)with Grey, Black and White\
\
TYPOGRAPHY\
\'93FF Clan-Web Pro\'94 \
3 weights: Light, Medium & Bold.\
Simple light feeling. Easy to read. Makes it feel like Uber is easy to use.\
\
UI & UX\
\
The site is simple and clear. Very few steps to find the information you want. Navigation is clear and concise. \
\
\
\
GOODWILL.ORG (http://www.goodwill.org)\
\
COLOR\
Main color is blue.It seems to have odd color combinations: Blue, Tan, Green with shades of those.\
\
Typography\
\'93Ubuntu\'94 is the only typeface with different weights. Simple and clean with lots of weights.\
It does give a professional corporate feel. But, it is not handled very well. The flow of information is not good.\
\
UX & UI\
\
The user experience is not good. Everything is screaming for attention. Too many things in a small area. I don\'92t see a clear message about the organization. It appears that they are trying to talk too many users at the same time. It is very difficult to find what you are looking for.\
\
These are changes for a test.}